hey youtubers ah driving tips are on I
gotta cook view for you guys on how to
get free apps onto your iDevice no
jailbreak needed um I really like how
I'm doing now you guys are great please
if you're new subscribe um make sure you
visit facebook we still haven't really
had anybody go but i mean i don't really
do anything on here i will though once i
start getting some followers on to that
facebook page make sure to check out our
Twitter basically I linked it with my um
youtube channel so i post all the videos
that i am posted on youtube so um also
last our website nothing big it's pretty
cool though I made this so yep go around
look at about us and how to contact me
if you have any questions so ok so now
get into the video we're going to be
going to 25 PP actually type in pro dot
25 PP don't worry it's free so pro at 25
PP calm you want to go straight there
and as soon as this pops up you smell
click download her right here so click
download and it should be downloading PP
exe that's exactly what you want so this
is downloading right now and have it set
to download onto my desktop so as soon
as it finishes it should be on the
desktop right there so this is your
setup you just want to open this and I'm
going to show you how to do it because
it's a different language so this
party's a pop-up you swung click Next
right here to click Next again you're
basically not moving your mouse here
click Next and it should download and
this basically says open p
one that's done so PP should be getting
open to now okay so 25 PP just opened
and you want to plug in your device so
um I will be right back okay so once you
got your iDevice plug in here you might
get some itunes pop-ups or camera wizard
or whatever's a cloud of all of that and
here we are in the pp store so you want
to come up here where it has the Apple
in the hand the red color on that one
and let me see app that I'll get top
charts hang on i'm on my iPad here okay
number one on the list is toy stores
mash it i'll just get that one let me
make sure if they have it first so
here's a search barneys type of toys
don't worry smash it sometimes they
don't have like new ones out of this is
new or not nope it's right here so all
devices so you click on that and you get
screenshots look kind of cool uh so here
you click on the download i roll and it
begins your download over hey guys this
is just the proof that i deny you have
twitter i know this kind of sucks real
bad but take my word for it see how it
says uh open right there
this is open really gloriam soul but
over here 99 tops and it's not on my
home page anymore so yeah I'll be right
back to show you guys to a pack very
installer alrighty guys so after it's
done downloading from this list right
here with the downloader underneath the
computer monitor or to do whatever you
want to call it then it would drop into
this little box with the checkered sighs
and this Angry Birds Eye dead too I use
an example but I was stupid and did not
edit its well so I here we go we got to
a silly smash it and which one click
download and down one should begin down
one process beyond and downward to the
jump down to the other checkered box and
it shows the download process now
quickly jump over to the iPad real quick
to show you guys that this actually does
do this okay so here we go guys here is
to a story smash it don't open it full
version right here don't play the first
love before you guys
the trouble here football star matters
about the behind grandma
Oh
hi
oh yeah that's the app so please
subscribe yeah like our facebook page
follow us on twitter and visit our
website you have any questions please
drop a comment I will be sure to reply
see